Ok, let me start explaining everything from the beginning to you. Let's start from the overview. Now it is saying spent token, I don't know how much accurate it is, 5 billion token, I don't know if I spent that much. And mostly people are using those tokens sometimes with the subscription and sometimes directly API. But this one will mostly ask us to, this one mostly will tell about cost of the API only, not with the subscription. Right now I'm using subscription. So maybe it will be much better if we show two type of course, that if you are using a subscription, according to the subscription cost, usually this much will be your estimated cost, the thing you have spent. Then if the tokens are from through the API, then your estimated cost would be this much. So according to this, if we'd give two cost and say estimated, it will be much correct and understandable for the people and will be more true. Now I don't know, here I can see context window, but it is saying 39 sessions record, but which one's context window is this one? We don't know. Okay. And if we click on this, there is nothing, no stuff. And these things should be reasonable and they should make sense. Now, let's come back to the main things in the files. Now if I'm clicking on the files from overview to files, for a second, it brought me to this session. If you have noticed like for it was here before I was on session. And if I came to there, like it is selecting like this. If I double click, it should not move to the other one. It should stay there. That's it. No need to keep switching when I double click. Then if I come to the artifacts, so since we don't have artifacts here, I don't know which artifact it is bringing or the artifacts or it is something else. This is kind of MD files, not artifacts. So artifacts should be artifacts instead of MD files. MD files are not artifacts. So see, this is another problem. Now coming to source code control. Now what are these question marks? Is this normal? Is this like for all of the other tools are also doing like this? Like cursor, like visual studio code, these ones. Are they also showing because we are most probably similar like them. That we fall in that category of the cursor and visual code studio. So let's see on them whatever we build accordingly. Now if we come to the GitHub, I'm trying to disconnect and it is not disconnecting. So I can connect again myself, but I cannot first of all disconnect. So if I click on disconnect, it will take me back. I cannot go from here. So this is another new problem. And issue and pull request pages are like identical showing the same stuff, same error, same buttons. If I click on refresh, I don't know if the refresh is working because we don't feel anything getting refreshed also. So no stuff is happening here. Search bar may be working. Yeah, it's working. So let's come to the now sessions. Now here this is the button open and this is a plus button. Open a project. Let's see. So I can open a folder. Let's see. I will open this one. So I can open a project. Okay, that's okay. It should clearly state that if I click on it, so what will happen? What I'm actually going to start here if I click on plus. So maybe it should say project or something open project or open something like that. Then let's say now I have this one and this one. I want to drag this one maybe and I will come here. I can drag this one here. So it will come here. I cannot drag the overall project. So that's fine. It should work like that. Now here right next to the each tab, we should have button for new session and new window instead of only here. We should be able to just click here and open next to each one to them. That would be much more better than having this here only. And this tabs should be upside and this session and all this whole of this bar including chat, split, terminal should be under this not above of this because if I am on a web page and I also bring that one here. Sorry, if I also bring this one up, then if I am inside the browser, this whole bar header is useless. So this one should be top one. So inside the browser window, we will not see it at all because it's not related to this. So it will be inside this one and it will make sense. So let's do this change also. Then if I come here, here I can choose the folder. I don't know. Let's say I will choose this one. I will choose this account or maybe now if I am already another new question. If I am already inside a session, if I choose another folder, so what happens? Does it creates a new or does it change? If I add another folder, does it adds the folder inside the same session or it creates the new session? Because what I can see here is now if I open, okay, it is creating a new folder, a new project, which is fine. It should be like that. But in that case, this should not be inside this dropdown. Maybe it's okay to, it's enough to be in the side panel only maybe. Here we can just see not dropdown. We will just see which folder we are in. That's it. Just a title. If it makes any sense or we should have anything and it can work in the same session, we can bring something by adding a folder and that can be useful for the same session, then it makes sense to have a dropdown here and add another folder in the inside the same session. If not, then just title is good enough for us to know which folder we are in right now. That's it. Dropdown will be only for the accounts. And also for the accounts, it will if the change in the same session, that's good. Then otherwise, when we create a new one, new session, only then it should ask the questions and all of that stuff. But it is asking only when I click the dropdown, only it asks this way. I think we need to have this popup on maybe all or something or I don't know, maybe above here for once or something before we start a new session or some stuff like that. So they can keep going in this with the settings they want to have. Now let's see here what is inside. Start fresh, continue the last conversation. Codex, CLI, MNI. Let's see if I click on here, this one, continue the last conversation, which conversation will it bring? Because we had multiple sessions, so it should actually give the choice of which session, maybe with session IDs or the name or maybe a little bit context with the summary or very short, like one liner thing. So we know like which one session we are going to continue because we might have multiple sessions before. So how we know which conversation will continue here? Here, okay, we can choose the folder which is fine. Login default, instead of just saying default because nobody now knows which one is default. So there should be a default and then next to it we can have an email so we know which one is default currently and we can also change the default here. There is no option to change the default one as well as an account. And this one most probably is a no AI session. Normal session maybe, yeah. So these are a few things that I have noticed. Now coming to this page, now I think it's showing every single one there available. Maybe we can give a drop down here or something to choose or start. But by the way, I don't see the button to activate the dev environment or whatever we discussed before to start. And I don't see all of them, maybe there are some one of few are missing who are not being listening, but they exist somehow. So maybe you need to work more on it so it is more smooth and works fine. Now shared and isolated for browser, I don't know how, what will be the difference and how it works. Can you explain in short and simple this also? And should we have isolated and shared in actual terminal also? Does it make more sense for this? Now let's see on the chat mode. It should be automatically on latest one rather than I click on jump to latest. By the way, I said before we don't have to have this option and full list of the options. We also might don't need this mic button until we don't have a proper feature for transcription. Maybe we can ask them to put some API in the setting for voice so they can put a API and this one will come here. Some kind of maybe chat GPT voice transcription model or something. If they put it there, then this mic will come here and they can use it. Otherwise it will not come here, something like that. Model. It's okay. I don't know how much they works. They work fine or not because if I click on folder, I don't know which kind of folder it is opening for me to choose the project because this is all MD files instead of so I cannot add any file from the computer. I cannot pick and stuff. Add an image also keeps me in the same folder. I should be able to take anything from my PC to paste here since we have already the feature of upload also if we are using remote, but currently we are in the same file, same machine where this is running at all. So I should be able to take from anywhere from my PC any file. If I just click, it should just open browse my file manager of the PC or Windows or MacBook and I should be able to just choose something from there instead of opening something inside. I don't know. It doesn't make any sense to me. And if I click on connector, it's like nothing is here. So you know what is it? Something
Summary, will it choose full session as is or what happens if I just message here because here it's not showing anything like that. And for the split view, I think. Okay, split is fine, I think. But I don't know what happens if there is no other session. Now in the sidebar sessions, I don't want this edit button here. Just double click should make it editable. That's it. Over the text, when I double click, it should become like editable and I can change the text. That's it. This button should come maybe here where the edit button is and it should not be up. It should be some arrow like to the corner to maybe right top corner, not straight to up and without this line above there. The one may be inside a box or something, but better icon than this one. Now on the inspection mode, what I want is, let's say I open something here to explain how I want this one. So I am on inspection mode. If I click here, rather than it comes here down, it should open a pop up here and it should give me a choice which actual session I need to send it to because there are a lot of multiple session. So it will just randomly send to anyone whatever I say here, explain here. So instead of just randomly only one button, there should be an arrow next to it and I can choose which session I'm going to send it and then I send and I can make that session, that specific pop up from that browser to specifically link to one session. So every time when I send it automatically sends to that specific session only, not to anyone. If there is no, if that session dies, I need to select again another session and every next time until I change the session, it is automatically sending whatever I choose first time a session. It will automatically send next of my messages to that session only until I change the session from that list of the sessions, whatever comes here. And this should not be under here. It should be just come as a pop up when I click here and it will come up. If I give you an example, it is same. I mean, same as vibe yard. Let me find vibe yard for you so you can actually see what I actually mean. And see here. If I am on inspection mode, if I click here, it will open like like this as a pop up. Okay, we don't need to choose a mode here because it is already selected in the session. So we don't need this mode option. Attach browser dimension. If I click one time, it should stay there until I think without any browser dimension or things. It doesn't make any sense to be just sending through a through any inspection mode. If I just send it before without it, so it will be just like a normal text. So I think in that case, we don't need this feature at all. So let's keep it automatically without this dialogue at all if I am right. And then if I type here, see here, there is a dropdown where I can choose the session. So it session will come up and I can choose one session. Once I select next time, I don't need to select that one. Whenever whatever I send from this specific browser, it should go to that. When I if I open a new browser, then I will have to select until I don't select the session. This button will stay gray, will not be clickable. If I click select the session, then it will be clickable. It will not send to a random session at all. Then here, if you see, we have a record mode also. Click and remove. Actually, this one is a little bit not okay. We maybe need something automatic or better than this. So our flow, I don't know how it works. So this draw option we need to have also and we can send it to the agent like this. Shared isolated. I already discussed now import from Chrome. I don't know how solid we are and how strong our option is. Yeah, rest of the things we have already fine. Now. Okay, let's close this one and discuss the rest of the things. I hope you understood my point. So this flow, I think it is there, but I don't know if it is working fine or not or it is making any. I mean, when I change click somewhere else, it is just going to element instead of being a flow. Maybe I need to record. Start recording, but it is recording. But here I don't see in inside the flow. It is keep moving to element automatically. Let's see if I stop, but there is nothing. So I think it's not working fine and it should not be when it is recording flow. Then this placement, I think is okay. But when or maybe this should be also a pop up because the dimension will be fine on the screen and it will be better for a user to experience it over all the website and all of that stuff. If I am screen making a screenshot. Now, let's see. Now, I don't know how I close this also. Maybe I unmark, but this is sticking here down. I need full page, not nothing down here at the bottom. So let's say I'm now taking a screenshot. Maybe it should take a screenshot and give us a pop up to type and send to the agent also. This should be also there actually. And the screenshot should be only the windows inside of the windows. And I think it is taking like that. Let's see. So yeah, screenshot is taking correct placements. So let's give a pop up with the screenshot and maybe the path of the screenshot or something with that pop up and I can type and send it to directly to the agent. So agent can see what actually I want to talk about. This one is a deaf mode, which is fine. Cookies. I don't know how strong we are and how accurately it is working, but just take a look on it properly. So we are sure. And once you I think we are done with this. Now let's come to remote on remote. Now these folders and features until there is nothing activated or something or no device is connected. Maybe that's why it's like nothing is coming here. Once the device is connected, the features will be activated here and we can use them. But until it is not there. So this only text doesn't make any sense. So if device is connected, I think then all of these features should come up and we can see them and we can choose and use and all of that stuff. And we don't need to give this big descriptions with anything. Let's give only one liner or two liner descriptions and one eye buttons next to them so they can click or hover over there and they can read the full description of the feature, whatever you want to give us more information about that, but not more than one or two lines because it's being too big for them. So it will be better for them to and it will be user friendly to. Now this show code feature is actually you are working on already. Then direct your tail scale thing is again here back, which I discussed before with you. But I don't know if it is very simple thing that if you think all the or most of the people will easily understand it majority, then maybe we can keep it. If it is something that we were people knows only, then it is just like jargon for them. So also we don't have to give this big explanation of what you are turning on. Give one to liner or something and with icon and that's it. And once we close this, I think overall page should not show anything. Let's just give this as if it is open, everything else comes up. So until that, it's just jargon. It's useless information on all of this feature and don't like don't give to step of this like turn on. If I close, then if I open, then I need to click again, turn it on. Only this one is good enough. One only one token. That's it. And if I click on that, it turns on. It gives this we connect and that's it. I don't know if it is something important to show this the Mac fingerprint. If it is not, then actually don't show this. This is also something extra for them to understand and learn about it. I don't want to give them too much things to learn and study and read and all of that stuff. Just keep very simple, straightforward and user friendly. Now let's come inside the settings general. English. OK, cloud code list of the coding agents. And maybe because this is one part, every part relative parts should be connected to each other. All of the related parts should be very much connected to each other and should be in one sections, not like in a lot of sections. For example, if if this is related to agent, so it should be either inside the agents or agents should be either here. Some everything should be in one place so they understand they don't have to think always they need to go for one piece of information related to AI agents and LLMs for into general and for the other piece in agents are related information should be into one tab. That's it. Simple. Then desktop notification when session need attention. All of this stuff should be this is notification part so should be in the notification section notification section is here but it is there. See again. So you need to reorganize all of this stuff and when you reorganize you mostly miss the things and you drop some stuff. So make sure you don't drop anything and you just organize and they stay visible all of them somewhere. OK features. Still I think they doesn't make any sense to be as a feature. Use or not use. So maybe let's keep them all. All installed and all active always and remove this section for now maybe. But voice diction actually makes sense to be here but there should be some settings for them to put an API and we should have all the rest of the settings and built there. They just paste an API for wise model or something which
activate and it will start working, that's it simple. And then their AI will also use in terminal and all that stuff when they send some audio or videos. Maybe for other things, if you usually use some kind of tools for any kind of things, videos, to read videos or photos and all that stuff, maybe you can make one section here for the tools where they can see all of the tools that their models can use and they can see them and all that stuff we can have here. So they understand which kind of tools their models are having and they will actually use these ones rather than their own separate tools in the MacBook. Whatever the tools are already existing in the MacBook, they can maybe have an option to bring them here inside the application or something, move their path or something, so they can be part of this application for the next time. The same one which already exists, it can maybe scan once and see whatever is already existing in the PC or something and move to the right place and all together they will show here. Some things like that, if possible, easily. But these ones I think remove this all of them. They are all necessary basic, they don't need to have uninstall and install button, enable and disable thing. Instead of only voice dictation. So maybe for only one, let's keep it here, voice dictation. When we bring more, we know where to bring, so we have a place to bring. So features or maybe tools, let's actually call it tools and keep this voice dictation here. And the other ones also can come here, the ones I am talking about. So instead of feature, maybe let's call it tool or maybe it can be part of MCP servers or something, but MCP server is totally different thing actually. We need to be a bit strategic about it. Appearance is okay, I think it's fine, but I don't know here why we have this model, this line here and PM run and we don't have anything here as drop down to choose. So it's kind of difficult for a white border terminal font thing. Either we should have something to choose or it should go. Yeah, and the dark mode, actually this dark mode is little bit a different kind of dark mode with gradients on side panel and on the header. I don't want it to be that way. If you see it here of Claude, it is very simple, plain. I want it to be actually like this as plain and the same color tune also. And when we see here, the Claude logo is there, but this is not actually, I think it's not original logo, it's a logo that you made. So let's bring original logos and with their original colors, orange color, blue color, whatever the original logo is and whatever the original color is of the model, the one we are using here in the session. So it should keep the original things. Then coming to notifications, all those notifications from general also bring here in notifications. Notifications should be all at one place. Then agents part. I will work more on it actually. I will see here, we don't have an option now to manage account. Now see agents is separate and accounts is separate page, which should be one place because they are related to each other and it is one thing. And here if I click on choose the default coding tool, it will take me here. See default coding tool, agents, accounts are one place thing. They should be at one place and simple. This is too much, all the text also too much. Just fold it in one liner, two liner, give the icons next to them and that kind of stuff. So it's easier to use. But every single one liner or two liner you say should be very clear and very simple for everyone to understand, not only to the technical people. It should be simple language completely. I'm talking about all of the options and overall all of the sections, not only this one. Now coming to this one, maybe we can also have separations of like at one place we can see our cloud accounts at one place, all GPT codecs account separate, not at one place like this, all the login ones. Now let me try the one Gemini, the login account is. Now this one actually is codecs. So I want to bring one Gemini, one login only. But here currently I cannot even bring one login only. I want to bring only one login for Gemini. We have only for one place. Since you say we cannot have multiple, but I am not here able to bring only one as well. So at least let me bring at least one. Let's see if I can bring codecs with the same account. I have codecs also on this. So let's see how it works. Okay, so right away it should actually take me to sign in rather than add button. There should not be any add button. It should be just sign in button and should take me to the flow of sign in rather than we bring sign in button here separately. It is two steps separately. Okay, now let me click on it. So I just clicked on it and I came here in this session. Okay, let's try again. It's very inconvenient and not understandable for me as not a not technical actual coder because I am building this for mostly for the normal level of the coders or the wipe coders. Let's click on this again and I'm again back here. So see I cannot log in also the codecs. So just check all of this stuff properly or take me to where you need me. Now setup thing. On the setup we have cloud code. What are these repeats? Codex CLI is not installed actually. It's not even installing with my click maybe. And it's not telling me it is installed also. If it is installed it should tell that. And this also needs to be reorganized properly at some better place instead of here as setup a separate page. Maybe here we can bring a section of setting up CLI's accounts agents everything and choosing ones. Okay, let me try again. Maybe this was the problem. But no, still not working. Not working. Okay. So you saw the problems. This process needs to be very smooth and there should be a plus button to add with the big list of type of AI agents to connect not only codex not only cloud code. There are so many grok agents and all of that stuff. People are used to use different type of AI agents. Just take a look how many of type of agents and setup they have in cursor and in cloud code visual in this one visual studio code. So we need to have those kind of setup. They should be able to connect a huge number of type of agents and they should have different agents to work and all that stuff. Now coming to browser settings. This one needs to be also better. We should be able to choose browsers profiles. There are so many profile chrome 14 chrome profile that is saying so I should be able to choose and see which ones cookies I need to bring and all that stuff what I actually want. Start page it is automatically here. I did not set up this one. But let's say we did set up this one and I close this and I open a new. Okay, it is working now. I think I did during you explaining you which is fine. But let's give Google. No, actually let's give the page we have already. For selection of the local ones and the list maybe a folded list where we can expand and see the list something like that which will be better. Okay, we have a list actually, but it's not visible how it works. So make it more convenient. This is a lot of yellow buttons long descriptions to understand Mac was will not list this app and they are three separate errors three of them are saying the same thing. Now the question is why do we have three here? If they are related they are related to one specific each of them is related to one specific profile then it should be mentioning the profile or if they are related to something specific they should mention that one that thing specifically. So we know why they are three and what each of them is belonging to. Now coming to this power sync thing I actually tested this one and it's not working at all for me. I close this MacBook and I try to reach out I try to start a new session I try to share new ones but it's not working at all. So it should you need to recheck this one why it is not working find out and fix. Then this is a huge shortcut page maybe rather than this we can have another pop-up by clicking on this or something. I don't know if it is something important to keep or not. Maybe it can be only shortcut can be only an icon here where we click and see the shortcut as pop-up or something. Something smart something beautiful something like that we need to be strategic about shortcuts. Pick up where you left off on launch. I don't know if this one also need to be not here it is somewhere at wrong place I think maybe it belongs to some other section and it is here. Just check properly. Then debug mode is there which is fine but it is not full debug mode. It's very short and it's not talking about everything that it should talk about. App data settings copy. Okay. Okay I think this is fine. Help also extend it and make it more proper. Maybe we can make it like help button. When they click on it, it should take to terminal website our marketing website maybe we can have some kind of blog page or some help page there where we explain about everything instead of inside the application. Let's make it like that. It's more professional. Yeah about is fine but it is scrollable for this much of information. Let's make it not scrollable and enough to be in one page and important things only. And more professional.
