Okay, now I will explain the mobile side iOS, what I actually want here and what are the things now. So if I come here now I can already see, I am just a fresh user maybe, but I can already see a big list of local hosts. So it should not be like that. Maybe we can have a, I don't know, we need to fold it in a better way and no separate two lists already here and no separation here. Local host with icon it will automatically, we can see it's a local host thing or maybe a separate section in the pills. Sessions separately and local host separately in the pill side so we know to go to the section, the local host we need to go to this pill and stuff. So let's bring four icons in the pill. We can separate the sessions and we can separate the local host things inside which will be much better. And in there, local host, then it makes sense to have the full list. And we might be, because if we see the full list also, we will not be able to know which one holds what stuff, what is inside any of them. Maybe we can have, we should be able to maybe rename them or something under there. Maybe link will be there, but under like agent service, agent service WSR, WSL relay thing. Maybe we can rename them somehow and we can use them. And I think they are different categories also. So maybe we can categorize and we can keep some in the list and we can keep some folded in the, in some kind of this kind of three dot button and we can fold inside which category we need to see in the list or something like that. So we don't see a lot of jargon, unnecessary ones, something which is running inside like a web page or something. Maybe we want to keep those ones or maybe we don't want to keep ones like this one. Try again. And I don't see any kind of option here to make anyone up or make anyone activated and deactivated also after I use and this kind of things. And here, okay, this one is inspection mode. See here we have the options to select. This is what I was talking about before in Windows version. So let's align this also to the one we are talking in there. But coming it up will stay like this, this way. This is very nice way to bring it up instead of pop up or something else. Anyways, also bring the flow thing and all that stuff, all important stuff, maybe taking screenshot and sending to the agent directly from here and that all those features that we have in WebView and application and also bring to the WebView for localhost thing, whatever we have in localhost in the web application here also. And then in the sessions, I don't know, we might need to work properly separately for this at the end or something. Then we start, we can start in cloud. We can start with the cloud, but there is one thing if I go back, I mean if resume one, if I come here, if I go back, see here also the scroll thing I discussed with you. If I scroll, it's coming blue. It's not scrolling, it's selecting. And when this keyboard is down, see the pill is still there. So inside the session we don't need the pill. Pill should be on here only on the homepage or machines or settings, but not inside the session and not also inside the localhost page where it is not actually. And it should not come like this up. It should just move like this when we click on localhost page. It comes like this, which is a bit different, feels like a browser opens inside. So give it a native feel, not like this. And the back button here doesn't work at all next to refresh the one. So it should be working also. It should be native also. Yeah, so last button I think is on its correct place. And here we can connect the machines. We can choose the machine is correct placement. And maybe this machines thing can go inside the settings this page overall. How many machines we pair can go inside the settings actually, yes. Here we can have a section, we click and we reach to this page and we can connect. This is a better design. Now on alerts I felt one thing, which I'm not feeling now again actually. Whenever I click on resume once before I tried when I was going back, let's try texting something. It was throwing every time when I go inside I come back it was throwing a notification. So it was sending a lot of notifications before. I think it is sending now again. It was actually my maybe the mode of the phone is different to the silent mode or something sleep. Let's move. Okay, see now. See, I go inside I come back it's throwing a new notification. So this is a problem we need to fix. A lot of notifications. Notifications should come only when there is something important not for every single thing one notification. Take a look on this problem. This is a problem. Rest is okay. Now let's go to GitHub account inside. Use token instead I will test later. Let's sign in with this one. So if I click here this code comes. Now I'm clicking on open GitHub. So I clicked nothing happened. Now I will click again nothing happened. I click again nothing happened. I click again nothing happened. I clicked again nothing happened. I click again nothing happened. Now I click in speed now one action happened actually when I click a lot. Now if I choose my account let's say this one use passkey use passkey OK verified continue put a to be for a for CC a for CC OK OK tries OK see OK it's done, but on the application it's not. If I click on done, it's again there. So not working. See it's opening again. So just take a look. It should be very small smooth and it's I'm keep clicking keep clicking keep clicking. But sometime it will work only not first click and not quickly. And then in this list actually we need to be able to close something or put inside the list which I don't I mean we can choose here which ones we want to have here or something archive or whatever or fold inside a list or something just like this localhost I talked about. So when we do left right horizontal drag to this we hold a finger or we keep a finger drag left to right or swipe something on this any one of the lists we need to have any action like putting inside at least or putting it or closing this completely deleting the session or something this kind of things also for the localhost maybe activating the bringing the server up activating the server or deactivating or move and then maybe three dots and more options and stuff like that. So make it rich like that way and it's more useful for us to do something. So yeah, so just these things and more importantly scroll with one finger inside the terminal. And maybe I don't know if you think chat mode will be a good option here or not if you think maybe we can bring chat option here also like chat view for per session.
